# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

-- In the file console.rb (property1, property2, property3)

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

-- lines from 18 in file property.rb

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

-- 13, 22, 31, 33, (4?)

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

  -- there can be something already in the database and we can't specify it correctly. Every initiation creates new id

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

-- file property.rb, line 32,-

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

--

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

-- class method access all the database where instance method only one element

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

-- array (?)

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

-- to protect database from injection attacks

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

-- id and address(string) respectively

Q11. What are their return values?

-- they each return new instance of the Property passing hash
